Decouple gatsby-source-shopify (#57)
thetrevorharmon/gatsby-theme-shopify-manager: docs/src/pages/index.mdx

>   

Reviewer: Can you add `gatsby-source-shopify` to the `yarn add` example under 'Getting Started'? That way they can copy and paste it. It would read:
`yarn add gatsby-theme-shopify-manager gatsby-source-shopify`

>   

Reviewer: > When you use this theme, it automatically includes `gatsby-source-shopify` and sets it up for you. These options are passed to that package, as well as used internally to create a connection to Shopify using [shopify-buy](https://shopify.github.io/js-buy-sdk/).

Can you change that ☝️  to this 👇 :

```
The options you pass to this theme are used to configure both `gatsby-source-shopify` and the [shopify-buy](https://shopify.github.io/js-buy-sdk/) client.
```

},
```

#### shouldConfigureSourcePlugin

> By default, `gatsby-theme-shopify-manager` includes the `gatsby-source-shopify` plugin. If you need to do advanced configuration of that plugin, pass `false` to this option, and the `gatsby-source-shopify` plugin will not be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `gatsby-theme-shopify-manager` passes a configuration object to the `gatsby-source-shopify` plugin in `gatsby-config`. If you need to do advanced configuration of that plugin, pass `false` to this option. From there, you can set up and configure your source plugin as you please.
```
